docs: document PushGateway shading workaround (#2106)
prometheus/client_java: docs/content/exporters/formats.md

`prometheus-metrics-exposition-formats-no-protobuf` module and excluding the
`prometheus-metrics-exposition-formats` module in your build file.

> If you are using the PushGateway in a shaded jar with `minimizeJar=true`, do not use this setup.

Reviewer: Nit: "do not use this setup" is a bit indirect. Suggest making it explicit:

```suggestion
If you are using the PushGateway in a shaded jar with `minimizeJar=true`, do not exclude the protobuf classes.
```
